docs: clarify YOLOE export workflow for C++ ONNX Runtime inference (#25373)
ultralytics/ultralytics: examples/cpp/ONNXRuntime/README.md

onnx.save(convert_float_to_float16(model, keep_io_types=False), "yolo26n_fp16.onnx")
```

### YOLOE Models

> When exporting a YOLOE model for C++ inference, call `set_classes()` before `export()`. This embeds the selected class vocabulary into the exported model, allowing the exported ONNX model to run without requiring text prompts or a text encoder at inference time.

Reviewer: 💡 **MEDIUM**: This makes `set_classes()` sound mandatory for every YOLOE export, but prompt-free YOLOE checkpoints already contain an internal vocabulary and can be exported for C++ inference without configuring text classes. Calling it on those models unnecessarily changes the model into a custom text-vocabulary export. Scope this instruction to exports that need a custom text vocabulary (or otherwise distinguish text/visual-prompt checkpoints from prompt-free ones).

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
To export a YOLOE model with a custom text vocabulary for C++ inference, call `set_classes()` before `export()`. This embeds the selected class vocabulary into the exported model, allowing the exported ONNX model to run without requiring text prompts or a text encoder at inference time.
```

Author: I have read the CLA Document and I sign the CLA.
